English translation of the Erlang Public License legal text.

Please note that the text below is intended to help you to understand
the legal text. The legal text is the license, so if you have any
doubts, refer to the legal text.

2.1, 2.2: You can use, copy, sub license and distribute Open Source
Eddie from Ericsson and parts contributed by others, without cost and
on a non exclusive basis. We don't take any responsibility for any 3rd
part IPR claims that may turn up.

3.1: If you distribute Open Source Eddie you have to include the
license agreement and not add anything which restricts the people to
whom you distribute Eddie.

3.2: Modifications which you contribute must be available as Source
Code and be available for 12 months (or six months if a new version
becomes available).

3.3 If you modify any Covered Code, you have to tell us what you have
modified, when you did it, and credit us for the Original Code.  

3.4: If there are some legalities e.g. you think you may be using
someone else's or your own IPR in code you submit, you must add a file
called LEGAL to what you contribute and tell us all about it.

3.5: You must put the copyright notice specified in Exhibit A in all
files you contribute. If you can not insert the copyright notice,
insert a pointer to a file containing it.  If you make any guarantees
or offer any support any part of Eddie, you're on your own. 

3.6: If you distribute binary files only, you must tell people where
they can get the source code. If you make your own license agreement,
you must comply with this license anyway and if you offer anything
extra in such a license, you're on your own.

3.7 If you use Covered Code in a larger work, fine, but the Covered
Code is still governed by the terms of this license.


4: If there are laws that prevent you from following this license, you
should follow this license anyway as far as you can. Describe any
restrictions that these laws imply in the LEGAL file. 

5: This license applied to all Eddie code that is covered by the Eddie
copyright notice.

6. This is a modification of the Mozilla license.

7. We are not giving you any guarantees. If Eddie doesn't work or it
causes you damage in any way, tough luck! 

8. If you don't comply with the terms of this license, your rights
under it lapse in 30 days. Any sublicenses are still covered by this
license.

9: We aren't responsible for any damages, direct or indirect, caused
by this code.

10. This is the whole license. Any disagreements are settled under
Swedish law in English.

Exhibit A - copyright notice to include in source files and documentation.
